Initial release. (#1)
toitware/toit-openai: README.md

# OpenAI

A OpenAI client for Toit.

## Key
Get an API key from https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys.

We recommend to provide the key through an environment variable on
desktop machines and through a separate main-file on microcontrollers.

> For Example, you would have a file `esp32.toit` which imports the `main.toit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you would have a file `esp32.toit` which imports the `main.toit`
```

file and provides the API key.

> Typically you would have an `esp32-example.toit` file which looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically your `esp32.toit` file would look like this:
```

```toit
import .main as real_main

KEY ::= "YOUR API KEY"

main args:
  real_main.main args --key=KEY
```
Check this file in.

> Locally, make a copy of this file (as `esp32.toit) and insert your API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locally, make a copy of this file (as `esp32.toit`) and insert your API key.
```
